Tony and Amelia's produce should
bring in two hundred dollars
price tag for litter of pigs but
this is their first farmers
market and they're facing stiff
competition and you won't buy
some stuff I yeah yeah I'm
actually looking for honey and
eggs today we have a lot of eggs
and we have a lot of honey we've
got some locust and some
wildflower honey
ok I mean looks pretty great i'm
gonna i think like--look around
and do laps through wait come
back
alright wars is the best so come
on back and get the best okay
yeah well have fun looking
around
alright thank you will be here
you're harassing the customer
relations let you do it
these are free-range and then we
feed them some dumpsters bread
we get free bread and so we feed
them bread
ok interested and then what's
this soup mix know this isn't to
mix this is dried oyster
mushrooms these 12 hours twelve
dollars each
yeah I'm gonna
have you got all right we'll be
here thank you
people keep saying i'll come
back well everyone wants to
check out the bedroom first
yeah
also we have some competition
over there there's people
selling eggs and mushrooms the
guys got a whole table full
mushroom mushroom duru is here
yeah
we have about half an hour north
of town the other day
we're just getting our feet wet
yeah give it a try
trying to make some cash money
yeah but I'm here for eggs we
got it
lots of a little bluebirds sure
yeah we have a type of chicken
call black Sumatra they are a
smaller size game and show bird
you can see these ones that are
little smaller those are the
younger birds are about six
months and then as they get
older the eggs get a little
bigger
yeah well i will take doesn't
okay great legs
there you go so it's four
dollars care something